Deletion requests table updates (#8111)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/privacy/user-deletion-and-suppression.md

#### Deletion requests status 

The deletion requests status table allows you to see the status of each of the regulations that you've submitted, including:
- User identifier
- Regulation type
- Status of actions taken in internal Segment stores
- If the regulation was forwarded to your destinations, the status of that request
- The date that Segment received your regulation
- The date that Segment completed a regulation 

To view more information about a regulation, select it from the deletion requests tab. On the side sheet for that regulation, you can view the status of your regulation within Segment and in downstream destinations, the ID of the source the regulation was coming from, and, if applicable, the reason a regulation failed. 

Segment actions can have the following statuses: 

- **Initialized**: Segment started processing your regulation
- **In progress**: Segment has started processing your regulation
- **Success**: Segment processed your regulation
- **Failed**: Segment was unable to process your regulation

Destination regulations can have the following statuses:

> - **No action**: Segment didn't forward your regulation to a downstream destination

Author: ```suggestion
- **No action**: Used for Segment-only regulations to indicate that they weren't forwarded to a downstream destination
```

- **Initialized**: Segment forwarded your regulation to a downstream destination
- **In progress**: The destination started processing your regulation
- **Success**: The destination processed your regulation 
- **Failed**: The destination was unable to process your regulation

#### Deletion requests made using Segment's API

When checking the status of deletion requests using Segment's API, the deletion will report an overall status of all of the deletion processes. As a result, Segment might return a `FAILED` status because of a failure on an unsupported destination, even if the deletion from the Segment Internal Systems and supported destinations was completed successfully. 

Segment's API returns the following statuses: 

> - `INVALID`

Author: ```suggestion
- `INITIALIZED`
- `INVALID`
```
